DBTP-668-nginx-reverse-proxy-ipfilter (#325)
uktrade/copilot-tools: images/nginx-dbt-platform/README.md

nginx-loadbalancer

> Load balancing with healthcheck used to reverse proxy to instances outside of AWS infra

Author: you are correct, this is manual much like the original one.  I will create a ticket to automate its build.  It couldnt be done before as it was a shared image for Gov UK PaaS, but now its seperate we can automate.

> Load balancing with healthcheck used to reverse proxy to instances outside of AWS infra

Author: https://uktrade.atlassian.net/browse/DBTP-752

> Load balancing with healthcheck used to reverse proxy to instances outside of AWS infra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Load balancing with healthcheck used to reverse proxy to instances outside of AWS infrastructure.

Currently published manually. See https://uktrade.atlassian.net/browse/DBTP-752.
```
